The Hidden Kingdom

What are the names of the three Rainwings who died in the Nightwing prison?
Bright, Tapir, Orangutan 

The Dark Secret

1. Who of Clay’s sibs has the best smell
Umber

2. What is the first thing Starflight thinks about after being kidnapped
Sunny

3. who wasn’t invited to the NightWing council that was later killed
Vengeance

4. What did Morrowseer eat in the beginning of the book
Giant Albatross

5. What made Morrowseer realize who starflights father is
How smart and how he questions everything

6. Who is Masterminds assistant
strongwings

7. Who else was with starflight when he was meeting his father (besides morrowseer)
Fatespeaker

8. Who was kept as a test subject in masterminds lab
Orchid 

9. What is the first thing starflight notices about the alternate dod
They have a skywing

10. How does Starflight escape from the alternate dod’s?
He hides

11. What does Starflight dream about on his first sleep on the Night island
Where he and sunny were reading a scroll about the dods together.

12. What treasure did Starflight find when he and Fatespeaker went exploring the night kingdom
dreamvisitor

13. According to starflight, who made the Dreamvisitors
A sandwing animus

14. Who does starflight wish he was like throughout the book
Tsunami

15. Who was the first dragon Starflight dreamvisited
Kinkajou

16. Up to how long can dragons live for without food?
A month

17. Who was constantly complaining while flying
Squid

18. Where did Morrowseer take the false dod and starflight
Skywing outpost, most remote

19. How many Nightwings did morrowseer have to wipe the skywing outpost?
8

20. On Starflights 2nd night at the night kingdom, Who else did him and fatespeaker sneak out with? 
Flame

21. Who else was locked up where deathbringer was
Splendor

22. What was strange of the map in the night kingdom
It showed scavenger dens

23. Who is the first dragon that starflight dreamvisits that understands he is dreamvisiting
Glory

24. Who were the first two false dragonets of destiny Morrowseer told to fight eachother
Flame and ochre

25. Which of the false dragonets of destiny cannot be replaced
Flame

26. Name the nightwing that was sent to capture Tsunami, but nearly got his ear bit off
wisdom

27. How did Starflight escape the nightkingdom with fatespeaker
They used Flame

28. Name the two dragons that Glory called very similar
Fatespeaker and Sunny

29. What weapon did most of the rainwings use to attack the night kingdom with
Sleep darts

30. Who is the last dragon freed from the night kingdom dungeons
deathbringer

31. Who of the nightwings first had the idea of faking a prophecy
morrowseer

32. Who is the only known (probably) death from the volcanic explosion
Morrowseer

33. How does Burn like to display her kills
With heads on spikes

The Brightest Night

1. Why did Oasis keep Blaze instead of killing her
Since Blaze could cause no harm to Oasis and her throne

2. The beginning of this book had what event form the previous book
The volcanic explosion

3. Name the 3 dragons that kidnapped sunny
Preyhunter, FierceTeeth, and Strongwings 

4. Who was supposed to be keeping watch of sunny, but failed
Strongwings

5. Who was supposed to be keeping watch of the obsidian mirror, but failed
Preyhunter

6. As sunny was following the 3 nightwings, what did she come across
A burned down scavenger den

7. Who did the sandwing guards send to inform Thorn that 3 nightwings were present 
Qibli

8. Which of the 3 nightwings did Thorn kill
Preyhunter

9. Who escorted Sunny through the scorpion den to thorns place
Six-claws

10. What nickname did Thorn give to sunny’s egg
Beetle

11. Who traded sunny for Ostrich to bring to Burn
Addax

12. Who did Sunny confuse Smoulder for?
Blister

13. Where did Smoulder take Sunny to theorize about what happened to the treasure
The 4 empty treasure rooms

14. Name the sandwing messenger that was supposed to keep watch of sunny
camel

15. How many years ago did thorn meet stonemover compared to the current time, of Thorn talking to sunny
8 years

16. What did smoulder say he has that belongs to thorn
A letter from Stonemover

17. How did Thorn and Sunny escape after Smoulder locked them in
Sunny did small flames around the lock of the door

18. What was Sunny’s original plan after leaving the scorpion den, but there was a storm that interrupted her
Goto the rainforest with her friends

19. What does stonemover do a lot in his conversation that sunny notices
sigh

20. What did sunny dream of when she was sleeping with stonemover
A scavenger dream visiting her

21. What did sunny name the two scavengers she met at the scavenger den ruins
Holler and Fluffy

22. What did sunny find from the scavengers instead of the eye of onyx(two items)
Lazulite dragon and dreamvisitor

23. What was Tsunami drilling the rainwings in when sunny arrived
Evasive maneuvers

24. What is deathbringer scared of
Scavengers

25. What vibe does Sunny get a lot from Fatespeaker
Jealousy

26. What was Queen Moorhen dreaming about when sunny dreamvisited her
All of her sibs and army dead

27. Which of the last 3 sandwing princesses landed at the meeting
Blaze

28. What was the gift blister gave to burn
2 dragonbite vipers

29. Who did sunny, fatespeaker, and lastly clay try to save from the viper
Starflight

30. What is the last thing clay says before falling unconscious about?
That maybe peril is the wings of fire 

31. Where was the eye of the onyx
In Oasis’s skull

32. What happened to blister when she took the eye of the onyx
Exploded into black dust

Moon Rising

1. How did Secretkeeper describe Farsight
Forgiving

2. How many brothers does Tsunami have
32

3. Who is the first dragon to introduce Moon to JMA
Fatespeaker

4. What was going on when darkstalker first communicated to moon
Carnelian and Pike arguing

5. Who is the first dragon to mention stonemover 
Kinkajou

6. Who was the first dragon to think Moon could read minds
Winter

7. what was moon doing the 2nd time darkstalker mentally confronted her
Sleeping

8. Who was in charge of Moon’s first class
Tsunami

9. What does Carnelian want to be when she grows up
General of Ruby’s army

10. When they went out hunting, what did moon catch
Goat

11.What does queen thorn take for headache relief
Swordleaf root

12. Moon gave Sora some of her goat, who did Sora split the goat with
Marsh

13. Who is the most dangerous dragon in Pyrrhia History
Darkstalker

14. Winter claimed Peril killed about how many icewings
20 or more

15. What two things did moon compare that made her realize nightwing powers came from the moons
her and mightyclaws paintings

16. What instrument is Qibli good at
drums

17. As moon was having the history cave explosion vision, who did she think would cause the explosion?
Peril

18. Name the 3 dragons caught in the history cave explosion
Tamarin, Bigtail, and Carnelian

19. Once moon revealed her future sight powers, who asked if she could also read minds
Turtle

20. Who first recommended moon to find whoever caused the explosion using her mind reading powers
Turtle

21. How does turtle know the name of the Dragonflame cactus
his mother tortured a skywing till they told them

22. Name the 3 dragons at the school who Moon can’t read their minds
Onyx, Peril, Turtle

23. When does Moon have to be doing for her mind reading powers to be the strongest
touching the dragon

24. What does Moon catch that she gives to Ostrich
fat lizard

25. How does Icicle figure out it was sora who wanted to kill her
since she was the only person icicle told that she was going early to her history class

26. Who killed Crane
Icicle

27. After starflight, who else does icicle hold hostage
Moon

28. Who is the first dragonet of destiny that moon tells she can read minds
Sunny

29. How many skyfires does turtle have on his armband before giving them out
6

30. Who is the future (unknown until later books) antagonist we see in the epilogue of this book?
Chameleon

Winter Turning

1. How many skywings were there to capture Hailstorm and Winter
14

2. What number hunt was the one where winter disappointed his family
11th

3. What tribe did winter claim was nearly untrustworthy as nightwings
sandwings

4. What was the name of the sloth winter tried eating
toefur

5. Who were the two guards that confronted winter and his gang
Bromeliad and Obsidian

6. How does Deathbringer assault winter
By sitting on him

7. Where did the rainwing see hints of Icicle
By the giant banyan tree

8. How did Kinkajou plan to escape from the dragonets in the dragonet wingery
With a game of hide and seek

9. What was the most significant thing they saw as they were going through the nightwing tunnel to the volcanic island?
Morrowseers corpse

10. How has Icicle stayed awake for days?
By burning herself on lava

11. Name the rainwing that brought up Chameleon, the dragon who couldn’t sleep
Bullfrog

12. Who interrupted Moon and Winter’s first alone time togeather 
Kinkajou

13. How old was Deathbringer when he went on his first mission
4

14. What river did deathbringer instruct Winter and his gang to go to that is ni the Claws of the Clouds mountains?
The Winding Tail River

15. How did winter save Qibli, moon, and kinkajou from the projectile flying at them from the scavengers
Breathing frostbreath onto the projectile

16. Who of the Talons of Peace approached winter first
Squid

17. What did Qibli jokingly call Cirrus
Serious

18. What did winter think pyrite was, after touching her
A animus

19. Whos mind does Moon compare pyrites mind to
Coconut

20. What were the groups that Kinkajou, Moon, Pyrite, Qibli and Winter split into to search for signs of Scarlet
Moon, winter, pyrite, and Qibli and Kinkajou

21. What did winter claim that Glacier would pay in return for Hailstorm’s safe return
Hailstorm’s weight in Diamonds

22. What was the reason moon claimed she couldn’t read the other dragon by scarlet(shapeshifter)s mind
The distance

23. What color did Kinkajou turn after being destroyed by Shapeshifter
white

24. Who carried Kinkajou as they were flying off
Qibli and Moon

25. Who gave Qibli directions to the doctor in possibility
Meerkat

26. Who is the best doctor in possibility
Mayfly

27. What did Qibli do to the pyrite enchantment paper before giving it to winter to try
Ripped off Number 4

28. Name the skywing that Hailstorm got the attention of, under the impression he was still pyrite
Eagle

29. How long would Moon and Qibli wait in possibility for
one week

30. Name the animus who created the moon globe tree
Frostbite

31. After winter’s nap in his room, who was there to greet him after waking up
His mom, Tundra

32. what kind of necklace did Tundra have
a necklace of skywing teeth

33. Who reminded Winter of moon in the ice kingdom
Lynx

34. What was in exchange for Icicle that Glory requested
a cutting from the moon globe tree

35. How many times did Queen Diamond kill Foeslayer in the Diamond Trials
40 times

36. Who did Darkstalker claim had the most interesting mind in the school
Peril

Escaping Peril

1. What color are peril’s eyes?
blue

2. What did Peril reply with after turtle told her his name
Moose

3. Where does Peril go to oftenly in JMA 
Cave near the peak of jma, where Carnelians body is

4. What tribe was Glory’s fake head really from
Mudwing

5. Why wasnt turtle in his sleeping cave and nearly ran into Peril
Since his clawmate, umber isnt there anymore

6. How many skywing soldiers did Ruby leave to protect JMA
10

7. As peril and turtle were flying, who attacked them
Talons of peace

8. What did Turtle throw in to perils mouth to try
fish

9. What does peril see turtle suspiciously doing during their breaks
Rubbing himself with a rock

10. Who was following turtle and peril
Shapeshifter

11. Peril observes two sandwings trying to buy dragonflame cactuses, how many were they trying to buy?
30

12. What event caused Qibli and Moon to find Turtle and Peril
A sandwing kicking a dragonflame cactus at peril and exploding

13. What happened to all the thorns stuck in peril?
burned

14. As Qibli met Peril, how many ways of defeating peril did moon think qibli had thought of, and how many did he really have
5 and 3

15. What does Peril realize of Turtle
That he likes Kinkajou

16. As Turtle, moon, and Qibli go to see Kinkajou, who arrives to confront peril
Winter and foeslayer

17. Where did Foeslayer go according to peril
To find help for winter

18. What did Turtle do that revealed his animus magic
He saved winter by rubbing a rock on him

19. Where did peril start flying to after she left turtle, winter, qibli and moon
Claws of the clouds mountains

20. Who interrupted Peril as she was flying away from turtle, moon, qibli and winter
Soar

21. What did peril think Soar’s name really was
sore

22. Why did Scarlet use the like father like daughter comparison on Peril and Chameleon?
Since they were both kicked from their tribes

23. What spells were on the necklace that Chameleon gave to peril(3 of them)
Loyalty to scarlet, no more firescales, and forget clay

24. Why did Scarlet want to go to the skywing dragonet hatchery?
To find Cliff

25. Name the skywing that scarlet dreamvisted every day since she lost her throne
Vermillion

26. What was the song cliff sung to peril about
Skywings and how Ruby is the saviour 

27. What made Ruby realize Peril is under a spell
She doesnt remember clay

28. What did Cliff lie about that let him escape to his mother later?
That he cant fly

29. Before peril could kill scarlet, what did ruby request
For a proper duel between her and scarlet

30. What was enchanted to make Tourmaline into Ruby
Her earring

31. How did tourmaline kill Scarlet?
She snapped her neck

32. Who came to the sky kingdom to check up on peril
turtle

33. Name the skywing guard that was guarding shapeshifter until he knocked them out
Harrier

34. How did they take the scroll from chameleon
Turtle enchanted it to bash chameleon and go to his hands

35. Why did they send peril to go ahead and catch moon before she does anything
Since she is a skywing

36. Who ultimately released darkstalker
Peril

Talons of Power    

1. Who was guarding the royal seawing hatchery that was sick
Abalone

2. What were the two spells turtle put on his stick
First to hide him from darkstalker, but that didnt work, so then it was to get rid of turtles existence to darkstalker completely

3. Who first tried to attack Darkstalker
peril

4. What is the first animus touched object that Turtle lost
The purple kelp that made him faster

5. Who does darkstalker compares sunny’s eyes to
Whiteout

6. What is the only violent spell turtle claims he has casted
The one to take chameleons scroll

7. Why does Flame already have a bad impression on darkstalker
Since he thinks darkstalker was the one poking in his mind earlier

8. What did darkstalker enchant to save stonemover
Stalactite 

9. Who helped Flame take starflights dreamvisitor 
Ochre

10. Why did turtle create the messaging tablets
Since he wanted to be a writer

11. What did darkstalker ask Glory for when he arrived at the rainforest? 
Challenge for nightwing throne

12. What is the first message Turtle sends on the tablets regarding darkstalker
That darkstalker wants to be king

13. What did anemone enchant to protect her soul from animus magic?
Silver necklace

14. What did Anemone enchant to make kinkajou fixed, and that she would love Turtle?
The skyfire

15. What was turtle eating when he was talking to kinkajou one on one for the first time
banana

16. When darkstalker was looking at a picture of clearsight and crying, what did turtle do?
 He threw a marble at the feet of darkstalker 

17. Who is the only other dragon other than Darkstalker (maybe foeslayer) who sleeps at normal nightwing times
Moon

18. What did Anemone do that made Darkstalker give up on her
She tried to enchant darkstalker and enchanted the mop to hurt moon

19.  What was turtle doing when he was summoned for the animus test ceremony
Collecting pearls

20. When turtle reached the sea kingdom, who was the first dragon he interacted with
Fin

21. What did Whirlpool hide in a beach for anemone
A dagger

22. What was the first offensive animus spell Anemone used against turtle
A rock to knock turtle off anemone

23. Who did Turtle see for a split second in darkstalkers palace
Jerboa II

24. Who gave away that Turtle was in the room
stonemover

25. Who did Darkstalker mistake Turtle for once seeing him
Fathom

26. Who was the first icewing to be killed by the plague
Queen Glacier

Darkness of Dragons

1. What was Palm's previous occupation
Cook

2. Who was Palm's boss in the kitchen?
Quicksand 

3. Where does Prickle live in and near
An oasis, 5 palm trees

4. Prickle allowed Palm to stay for one night, in exchange for what?
Palm's gifted earrings

5. Name two of the guards sent to capture Palm
Agave and Torch

6. Who cursed Palm with her fate of dying to skyfire
Prickle

7. As Palm is flying away, what does she see that later caused issues in the sand kingdom
3 scavengers on horseback

8. What name did Smoulder recommend for their dragonet
Onyx

9. Who was the best assassin in the scorpion den?
Cobra

10. How many years did Qibli live with his mother
3.5

11. On the day Thorn arrived to take Qibli, and dragons were betting on a cat eating a mouse, what was the prize for the winning bet?
5 coconuts

12. What was the name of the cat in the cat vs mouse bet
Slasher

13. Who pulled Qibli out of history class and why
Sunny, Ostrich was missing

14. What was the first message that Turtle sent to Qibli regarding Darkstalker about
How Darkstalker wants to be king

15. Who were the two dragons that requested a Herbs and Healing class
Tamarin and Peregrine

16. Who said that Jade Mountain Academy was a terrible idea
Queen Blaze

17. Who interrupted Qibli as he was trying to duplicate his earring
Peril

18. What did Peril recommend Qibli to do as he was trying to figure out how to use the animus bowl, that worked?
Ask it politely

19. Who witnessed Onyx and Ostrich leaving together
Peril

20. Who is the first dragon Qibli gives a earing to that can actually wear it(not peril)
Sunny

21. Who is ostrich's father
Six-claws

22. What weapons did JMA have for defending the school?
Three knives, one sword, and a big stick

23. Who is Qiblis grandfather
Vulture

24. How did Vulture express his resentment of Qibli joining the outclaws
With dead rats

25. What was Qiblis grandfather covered in and what did it represent
Dragon skull tattoo for every dragon he's killed

26. What did Qibli state the secret weapon if JMA is
The big stick

27. Who are the first two dragons qibli meet once arriving at his old home
Sirocco and rattlesnake

28. What was the name of Vultres group
Talons of Power

29. Who did Vulture claim was causing the explosions in the sand kingdom
The mudwings

30. What was the name of the mudwing working with the Talons of Power
Bog

31. What does Qibli get constantly frustrated at throughout DoD
Turtle being unspecific

32. What animal did Qibli try keeping as a pet that his mother ate
Monkey

33. What weapon did ostrich sneak from a guard
Chakram

34. What word did Cobra claim Qibli misspell that he really didn't
Capybara

35. What did cobra claim that Vulture have that they needed to steal?
the obsidian mirror

36. as they are waiting for Cobra to steal from Vulture, what was Winter trying to do?
steal the scavengers

37. What did Bog not know about mudwings that made Quibli figure out he is a fake
sibs

38. As Qibli is escaping, who was the dragon he ran into that wanted a tattoo
Sirocco

39. What did Cobra set on fire that required her, Qibli, Ostrich, and Winter to fly away very fast right after?
Dragonflame cactus

40. Name the two sandwing outclaw guards that Qibli met upon arriving
Tanwy and Parch

41. When Qibli first sees Thorn in DoD, name the other two dragons with her
Smoulder and Typhoon

42. How long has Typhoon been studying medcine for
2 years

43. Before figuring out the ice wing plague with queen Thorn, what did Qibli want Thorn to do
Arrest his mother.

44. What snack does Cobra always eat before assasinating
Roasted Coriander seeds

45. As Qibli is trying to put the earring on winter, what two days did winter harm him
He scratched Qibli’s side, and fired frostbreath into Qiblis arm.

46. As Vulture is making a speech to all the sandwings, where is Onyx
about to kill Thorn

47. How does Qibli interrupt the duel between Onyx and Thorn?
With anenomes bracelet

48. As all the dragons were in the Great Hall, waiting out the sandstorm, what did Blaze do?
Made a hammock and slept throughout most of it.

49. Where does Smoulder refuse to go to, even with thorn, in the sand kingdom?
the Dungeons

50. Who is “The Mad Prisoner”
Prickle

51. What did Qibli theorize happened to Onyxs leg during the sandstorm
That Smoulder hurt Onyxs leg so she would challenge for throne

52. What was the last message sent on the tablets about?
That DarkStalker figured out turtle 

53. When thorn gave qibli the obsidian mirror to find the night kingdom, who did Qibli try spying on first?
Moonwatcher

54. Who was the last person qibli used the obsidian mirror on?
Tsunami

55. Who was the 2nd dragon that darkstalker used the obey every command enchantment on?
Anenome

56. What are the mountains that kill icewings called?
DarkStalkers Teeth

57. What did Qibli give to chameleon so kinkajou could steal his pouch
Enchanted earring

58. Where was moon when qibli found her in the nightkingdom
Library

59. What did the fake clearsight say that made moon unsure about this clearsight
That Clearsight wanted to live in present

60. What is the plaza below the palace called
Great Diamond

61. Who does qibli meet when he goes to the Nightwing library a 2nd time
Foeslayer

62. Name two of the nightwings that were trying to kill queen snowfall at jma(the fight where narwhal died)
Smokeseer eclipse

63. Who ended the small icewing Nightwing brawl inside of jma 
Peril

64. What was the first spell to attempt to end the battle between icewings and nightwings that failed (what was the enchantment and what was enchanted)
Pile of dirt, a retreating message to nightwings

65. Name all the enchantments put into qiblis library card
To connect all the minds of nightwings and icewings, then teleport them back home, and to take the love spell off kinkajou

66. What idea did darkstalker get from Qibli on his first day of jma 
To make everyone like him

67. Who was the 3rd dragon darkstalker did the obey every command enchantment on
Vulture

68. What saved qibli from darkstalker going to rip off his earring and enchant him
Soulreader

69. What memory does foeslayer recall when darkstalker mentions the soul reader
Darkstalker trying to read arctics soul

70. What color did kinkajou turn to after she bamboozled darkstalker
Burning strawberry

71. What was the first name recommended to foeslayer
Awesomeness

72. What is foeslayers new name
Hope

73. What does Hope recommend moon reading for more information on the lost continent
The legend of the Hive

74. What is the name of the scavenger den winter is trying to make
Sanctuary

75. Where was moon waiting for qibli in the epilogue?
Observatory

76. Where is Jerboas hut in the sandkingdom compass wise
Northwest

DSL1

1.What did Darkstalker call Indigo instead of her real name
Violet

2.  How many days was the gifting ceremony away from when Arctic first met Foeslayer
21 days

3. What dragons names does Price Arctic claim he will remember
Dragons who seem likely to change his life

4. What was the earring that prince arctic enchanted for Foeslayer made out of
Diamond

5. How old are dragonets when they take the SeaWing animus test
2 years

6. What was distracting Fathom during the SeaWing animus test
A seagull

7. What is the first spell we see Albatross cast
A coconut to repair his bones.

8. Who informed Foeslayer that her egg(Darkstalker) would be born under the 3 moons?
Foreseer

9. Where/how do IceWings hatch their eggs?
Buried under snow

10. Who gets to name the dragonet in the Ice Kingdom, and who has to approve of the name
The one with the higher rank, the queen

11. What class was Fathom in when he was first summoned for animus time
geography

12. what was Indigo’s mothers occupation until she passed
In lagoon’s army

13. How does Albatross tease Fathom when their animus time began
saying one talon was more powerful than the other

14. What was the most striking animus object Fathom claims he has seen
a conch shell that pulsed light when someone was lying

15. Why can’t Clearsight tell her father Darkstalkers name
since in all the futures she sees herself telling her dad his name, her dad dies.

16. What is Arctic’s favorite food
eagles

17. Name Queen Lagoon’s daughter
Splash

18. How old does Albatross claim that Fathom needs to be to cast a big spell
7 years old

19. What did Clearsight eat for breakfast for the first day of school
Squirrel

20. Who is in charge of placements at the NightWing school
Professor Truthfinder

21. Right before Clearsight goes to seer training class, what vision does she have?
of the seawing massacre currently happening

22. Name the other 3 dragonets in Clearsight’s seer class
Jewel eyes, Morrowwatcher, and Vision

23. What did Fathom enchant to save Indigo 
pearl necklace

24. What did Clearsight jokingly tell Darkstalker was her name
Tailbite

25. What was Darkstalker’s first enchantment
Whiteout’s scavenger doll to always return to her pillow by night

26. Who is the first SeaWing that Darkstalker sees in physical form
Current

27. How did Fathom swear an oath to Pearl
By taking sword and cutting an x into his hand.

28. Who was the prophecy Clearsight had about, on the day Darkstalker made his talisman
Prince Arctic

29. How many years had Fathom been isolated until he was required to go to the Night Kingdom 
1 year

30. At the welcoming party Darkstalker attended, (the one with the SeaWings), Darkstalker brought what piece of enchanted jewelry?(what is the object and what was the enchantment)
a silver earring, that makes everyone who met him think he was handsome and charming

31. Where did clearsight and listener agree on dropping the scavengers off? 
North Beach

32. Where does Indigo sleep on their first day of the night kingdom 
entrance of the balcony

33. After what event did darkstalker realize he could use a immortality spell
After the welcoming party to the seawings, mostly meeting Indigo

34. What was Fathom and his fellow seawings doing when Clearsight first saw him and started to come over to him
looking at a pool

35. What day was Clearsights Birthday Party on
a day before her birthday

36. What event interrupted Clearsights Birthday Party
Foeslayer leaving to the ice kingdom

37. what was the first spell darkstalker made during the foeslayer crisis
a piece of paper to show Foeslayers location

38. What was darkstalkers first idea of a spell that could help the nightwings to win the war
a stick that once broken, kills every single icewing

39. What did darkstalker give to Fathom, after Fathom gave darkstalker the seawing carving
an enchanted goblet

40. Who did Clearsight claim that was a better love for Thoughtful
Whiteout

41. Who killed Quickdeath
Lionfish

42. What was the first hint that made Fathom think Indigo leaving him was unusual
She left Blob

43. Who does Darkstalker initially think sent quickdeath after him
Arctic

44. Who started flying with Clearsight after she escaped Queen Vigilance’s palace
Fathom

45. Why doesnt darkstalkers first enchantment to stop Arctic from taking Whiteout work
because of arctics Shielding Earring

46. Who did Clearsight have to relay the message to darkstalker to go-to Agate Mountain
whiteout

47. What was the bracelet that Fathom enchanted made out of
moonstone and copper

48. What was the first invisible written spell Fathom saw on the scroll
the immortality spell

49. what is the only intentional physical harm that darkstalker has done to clearsight
twisting her wrist

50. What was the last thought darkstalker had ever heard from clearsight(give quote)
“Good-bye, my dearest love”

51. What was Clearsights first thought of what to do next after imprisoning darkstalker
Lie down with darkstalker and die to the avalanche

52. Why did Clearpool fail to catch a fish
she forgot the 3rd “wait”

53. What game was Thoughtful playing before meeting Whiteout?
      a. Scroll Tower
